Realm Redeemers: The Last Stand

A character (main character) appears out of nowhere. He has wonders 

(main character name): “How did I end up here? Where is this place?”. 

Suddenly, a voice in his head say

???: “Follow the path to the village to seek your purpose of this realm.” 

(mc name): Purpose of coming to this realm? What could this possibly mean? Whatever it is let’s just follow the path to the village and see where this goes.

???: Press w to go forward, press a to go left, press d to go right and press s to go backward.


While on the way to the village, a monster appears.


(mc name): Oh no, a monster what should I do. 

???: Press left click to unleash your basic attack. 


After defeating the monster


???: Well, done. Now continue on to the village


As the mc approach the entrance he was stop by guards of the village and ask


Village guards: State your business.

(mc name): Uhhhhh…... 

Village guard: If you can’t state your business, then move out of the way.

(mc name): I'm lost and seeking directions to the nearest village.

Village guards: Well, this is the last village standing in this realm. 

(mc name): Really what happen to the other villages.

Old man: Come with me to learn more about it. Don’t worry guys, this young man is with me.

Village guard: Alright, go ahead. 


Transition to mc at the forger


(mc name): Wait. Who are you and why do you bring me here?

Old man: My apologies. I forgot to introduce myself. The name’s Geopard and as you can see, I am a forger so this is kind of my home too. And since nobody’s here except me so it’s a great place to tell you what you need to know to get up to speed on things.

(mc name): Ok……. Continue.

Geopard: There used to be almost an infinite amount village throughout this world. Everything changes when the Demon Lord, Zoltraak arise from the underworld. And so began the age of chaos. He and his army sweep the land. Burning down villages and basically destroying every land he steps on. Some try to fight the demon lord but never return. Many choose to run away to seek for a safer place to hide but it’s no use. And now we’re the last ones standing but we’re not safe either. Cause it’s only a matter of time before the demon lord found us and claim this realm once and for all.

(mc name): Oh my. Do you have idea how long do we still left before Zoltraak find us.

Geopard: Unfortunately, I have no clue also. It could be a couple of days, to a couple of months. But everything is alright now. Now that you are here. 

(mc name): Wait, me? Why me?

Geopard: You will find out someday. In the meantime, I am here to teach you the art of combat in this realm and unlock your true potential to defeat Zoltraak.


Training arc moment


After training finish


Geopard: Well, done, young man. Now, you’re ready to venture your journey to defeat Zoltraak.

(mc name): Thanks, but I still don’t think I am strong enough to defeat Zoltraak Tho.

Geopard: Don’t worry. As you heading toward Zoltraak territory, you will face strong monster that will help out with your solo levelling.

(mc name): I see. Well thanks for the advice Geopard. I will return once again when I defeat the demon lord. 

Geopard: Alright young man. Stay hard, and stay strong. Also don’t forget to defeat the stronger monster to properly level up to face Zoltraak.


When mc meet Zoltraak.


Zoltraak: Who dares to challenge me.

(mc name): That will be me. Listen here Zoltraak. We don’t have to fight to settle this. We could talk out of this.

Zoltraak: And I refuse. The only way to settle this is by force.

(mc name): Ok. You ask for it.

Zoltraak: Bring it on. 


The boss battles


(if player fails to defeat the boss they will be teleport to the hospital at the village)
Nurse: Thank goodness. You’re safe. You almost die if I didn’t teleport you out in time.

(mc name): Uhm…. **confused** Thank you. I thought I almost die for a moment.

Nurse: You should know better than to face Zoltraak when you’re not even at your full potential.

 (mc name): So sorry for the inconvenience. I will make sure this never happen again.


Once mc defeat Zoltraak.


Zoltraak: Nooooooooo……

(mc name): Finally, this realm has found peace.

???: Congrats young man. I knew you can do it.

(mc name): Wait, who are you.

???: It’s time for me to reveal myself. 

??? reveals to be an angel.

???: I am Elysia. Your fairy goddess. I have been guiding you to achieve your destiny.

(mc name): My destiny? To save this realm?

Elysia: That’s right. You’re the realm redeemer. As you are our last stand.

Hallo ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
